Hello hello friends welcome to my channel
Snap-in today I am going to tell you
how you can cancel the insurance of the serial number
so let's know you can
cancel the insurance of the jungle friends I am going to
tell you two steps in this so the first
step is email the second step you
can do it from the website so see both the steps
your question is it will definitely be done at another place
now what was in one place can be done from another place
so let's know so friends in this you get a
decision of 3 months or lookup
create so you do it in that and you
also got your money back after that if you do it then
your aadhar card gets torn if you get such money then
you first cancel the information refund so to
cancel it you
must have LED at this time if you do
n't have your relation email ID then you will
write it in the description below you can go there and
watch the video how in this way you can
return your email ID
that after today you can step here
for request angel so friends you
can wrap up like this you must have laddu in the universe so let's know
How can we control it, then we will go to email,
click on
compose email here and compose an email, there is
no need to compose, I will
give you the email ID in the description,
you can go there and send it, so
in the subject it is garlic, I am going to tell you everything,
go through this step and
in the compass you will write the name, here write your weapon which was
not in Surat, it is
9th capital
[music]
and after this you have to enter the date of birth,
so how to enter the date of birth, in which
format I am going to tell you, whatever you
write,
you have to write all this in the second,
after writing whatever, whatever date of
birth you had given and you have to see the second date of birth, this will
confirm it, if
you enter it wrong then your account will not be accepted, then
your request will be declined, so by doing this
you have to enter the correct date of birth,
after seeing it you have to change it in this format, there is a
two
and for this you have to write the policy number, so
when you take the police number for the first time,
you  If you get it in the paper, then take a look at it, there is a
police number to be entered in the paper,
according to you, you have to blacken the zip,
second line one and leave your loved ones and
here it is written in please cancel,
so first see friends, you have to
see this, please cancer, you were not able to
understand, you
can watch the video once again,
ICICI Lombard's
father, whatever insurance is there on Teacher's Day, then whatever
step you take,
what is mine, I take
health insurance, I
write Polish year insurance policy
and give you a soft, I am done writing this much, now I will
give you the festival symbol of writing such insurance cancer in vegetables, for the level above the serial topic
and send it here, you will
give it to you in the description, you
can copy it from there, take it pending from such,
first take such lemon labor cancer
and I will give it to you in the United States, then
you can go and copy it
and send it, you will
get it on such website, from there also you can go to customer
support, drop in the body, so please
Bhaiya if you go to the support of the contact then
you will find the letters there also, if
you want you will find it in the description,
you can copy it and send it, it is
above, mostly you will click on it, it has been
sent to the place,
I always do that, you can request by email chain, I am going to
tell you the second step also, now we will
start the second step, in the first step we got the
confirmation, which comes after sending,
that order will come within 1 hour,
sometimes it takes a day from there, then
you will get a reply for that, I don't know whether you have cancer
or not, but if you have, then in the second step
you have to cancel the rest of the website, let's go to the
website, but I will give you its link, you got the
link
of the website in depression, you
can cancel by requesting by going there,
yes friend, this has got the request work, the
option comes and it is written eboard.com,
let's make a request here,
you have to click on the fitness of 365,
you are seeing the option of contact khas written on Twitter
You have to click on which tax option, after clicking on it
you have to see support for the last option mentioned,
you have to click on it, if you
click on support then the contest option tab
page opens, you have to write your
name and Teeja has written Mushroom Bonda America Live
Chat, then this chat will start
here and you can cancel it, write this email
address, you have to enter your phone number, you have to enter the one which
you registered and the second one will come out,
so friends you have to enter the policy number,
here also the star should be made in red color, it is necessary for you to fill it, if
you do it then the light will not turn on on you,
now I have
come to electronic, you have to
start chatting about many, see this is
Jigri-Jigri King, you have to click on this, it is
electronic media motor,
whatever your insurance, more products, you can
respect this, select 2000,
select1, whoever is their vent to, you
can select here, you can
start here, but by clicking on start chat it has been
installed, now
you will be connected from here and from there you can start from here  You
can request and
a copy of it also comes to your email Id,
whatever problem you have regarding chatting is
solved on that but you
get the grasshopper here, you have to chat
with the customer, open it here, please cancel
Miss Universe so much, then you get to
know, by writing like this you can write please
cancel
in insurance, you have to
write this much, you have to send it, then
you go, this live chat is there, from
there also I have joined, Swapnil has written to hand over, I have written
good afternoon,
see from here our
problem has started, please describe a
guy, let me tell you our issue, by writing once again
you can chat, friends
see from here what reply comes, it will tell you, it will
also come to your email Id,
whatever you chat with,
you will get a copy of it on your mail Id, so let me
show you first, by doing this you
can do research and chatting again, once
your request is sent then again this team will give you and
you  Now it will be
a pan Salman Chiranjeevi portrayed Sapna Shor I will be glad to
assist you means it will be easy to help you if you like then
you will have to send a request again
please cancel it first there is a
little problem in adding insurance for 10 as if they do
n't know I will
write it once and send it
[sangeet]
and you can also cancel your money here
also they will have a little problem in joining it
because of the problem of free internet so if your
internet is a little fast then your work will be done quickly try
writing ok here Akash Kumar
take ok so by doing this our cancellation will be done
as you can chat by liking it you can
talk to customer care
of facial robot and cancel your insurance
then you can ask for some information so
all your problem will be solved if you are done chatting
then this email will not be needed anymore so you can
not do this of mine
you can also come here and direct you in the
country for safety at his only if that is
also added then if you do this then you will get it done quickly
You get an instant answer.
You can also get cancer by doing this. Friends, you
can get a lot of information from here. You
can cancel it by paying money. So, how did you like the video?
Please like and subscribe and
tell us. After watching it, I
also got a ticket from customer support. What is there in it? By paying
money, you have to send an email from here.
Krishna Customs has written such a long insurance cancer.
Here we got a ticket from customer support. So
this ticket will be given to
you by Lakshmi's maternal family.
Your efforts which are stopped from here will
start from here. Then normally you will
not be asked, so we come to know about it.
You can also generate Vishnu by downloading the app here. It is
written here that
my channel only
sends you for writing. So such a long General
Insurance Company Limited team had
definitely requested for writing
from the website. So, thank you. Whatever we did, they will definitely
reply to you in a short while.
You can do it by paying money through email.
Friends, I will
register your email in the description below. MS Word will give you
listening. You can go and watch the
video.  After taking the exam, you
can contact them and cancel your insurance. So,
how did you like the video,
please do let me know by liking and sharing it.
Friends, I was not called a failure at all.